Create ui-c8y-1022-47-3-resize-of-data-grid-columns-in-conjunction-with-configure-columns-10147.md (#3893)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1022-47-3-resize-of-data-grid-columns-in-conjunction-with-configure-columns-10147.md

---
date: ""

> title: Improvements to DataGrid Column Handling

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: Improvements to data grid column handling
```

> title: resize of DataGrid columns in conjunction with Configure columns (#10147) [GRAFT][release/cd] (#10251)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
title: Improvements to DataGrid Column Handling
```

product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-YbYJ3gLU_
    label: Web SDK
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: DM-4989
version: 1022.47.3
---

> Co-authored-by: Dominik Schmitz <dominik.schmitz@cumulocity.com>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Two issues affecting the Data Grid columns have been resolved. Previously, columns that were hidden and then re-enabled after rearranging or resizing would sometimes not appear again in the grid, especially after navigating away and returning. This has now been fixed so that columns always reappear as expected when enabled. Additionally, there was a problem where resizing a column and releasing the mouse button outside the grid would leave the grid in resize mode, causing further unintended resizing when moving the mouse back over the grid. This behavior has been corrected so that resizing ends properly when the mouse button is released, even outside the grid area. These improvements make it easier and more reliable to customize your grid view.
```

> Two issues affecting the Data Grid columns have been resolved. Previously, columns that were hidden and then re-enabled after rearranging or resizing would sometimes not appear again in the grid, especially after navigating away and returning. This has now been fixed so that columns always reappear as expected when enabled. Additionally, there was a problem where resizing a column and releasing the mouse button outside the grid would leave the grid in resize mode, causing further unintended resizing when moving the mouse back over the grid. This behavior has been corrected so that resizing ends properly when the mouse button is released, even outside the grid area. These improvements make it easier and more reliable to customize your grid view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, columns that had been hidden and were enabled again sometimes did not appear in the grid.  This issue has now been fixed so that columns always reappear as expected when enabled. 
Additionally, when resizing a column and releasing the mouse button outside the grid, the grid was still in resize mode, causing further unintended resizing. This behavior has been corrected so that resizing ends properly when the mouse button is released, even outside the grid area. 
```

Reviewer: @dosc-c8y I have simplified the description. Please approve.
